Log Workpsaces Use Cases: login attempts ePHI (#26101)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/workspaces/use_cases/analyze_login_attempts.md

### 2. Query for failed logins

To search for failed login attempts, which might indicate unauthorized attempts to access e-PHI, set up your logs query to filter for these events. An example query might include filtering by an event outcome code that signifies failure.

{{< img src="/logs/workspace/use_cases/query_failed_logs.png" alt="Example workspace query to find failed login attempts" style="width:100%;" >}}

You can add any additional filters, facets, or attributes to narrow your search based on your requirements and what is available in your logs.

### 3. Count failed logins by user ID

To analyze the data further, you can count the number of failed login attempts by user ID and sort the results. This is helpful for identifying users with repeated failed login attempts, which may require further investigation.

1. Add an [Analysis cell][3] to your workspace.
1. Run a SQL query.
    ```
    SELECT * FROM failed_logins
    ```
    {{< img src="/logs/workspace/use_cases/analyze_failed_login_count.png" alt="Analysis cell with query to count the number of failed logins" style="width:100%;" >}}

### 4. Visualize failed logins over time

> To get a clearer picture of when failed logins are occurring, you can create a timeline or time series visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a clearer picture of when failed logins are occurring, you can create a timeline or Timeseries visualization.
```
Noticed this was capitalized and one word below so not sure if it should be here as well ?
